Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2.

    HTTP1.1 - HTTP are made for computers to understand each other between clients and servers.
              This version made datas to transfer faster by allowing the computer to reuse the information and reduces web traffic.
                   eg:Google history
              This allows the client to send multiple requests along the same connection without waiting for a response to each
              It works on tetual format.
              It compresses data by itself.

     HTTP2 - HTTP2 is able to use a single TCP connection to send multiple streams of data at once so that, there is no resource blocks between any other resource.
             Binary protocols consume less bandwidth, are more efficiently parsed and are less error-prone than the textual protocols used by HTTP1.1. 
             It allows multiple requests/responses to be transmitted simultaneously over single connection.
             It works on binary protocol and supports encrypted connection using HTTPS protocol.
             It uses HPACK for data compression.


Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript.

             
            Objects in JavaScript defined as an unordered collection of related data of primitive or reference types in the form of “key: value” pairs.
            These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods.
            In JavaScript, objects have an internal property known as Prototype.
            Objects, in JavaScript, are the most important data type and form the building blocks for modern JavaScript.
            These objects are quite different from JavaScript’s primitive data types (Number, String, Boolean, null, undefined, and symbol) in the sense that these
               primitive data types all store a single value each (depending on their types).
            The property names can be strings or numbers. In case the property names are numbers, they must be accessed using the {} like this.